yesterday I asked you to find a
practical use for your new measuring
skills triangulation okay all right
that's it has everyone done their
homework it seems like the perfect spot
for deciding what you really want in
life mmm my own comic book forgive than
anything to Marvel or DC now I'm talking
about what you really want Margie flash
we should do a story the atomic trinity
we're gonna have a story that we've got
to have a bad yet
swami tomorrow night on youtube
aw c'mon it right tomorrow night what is
this place this is my kingdom when you
look at me I cannot be created well I
kissed your like two years ago three
hope she didn't like eight years old old
or not I guess I gotta help it twice
ever I don't believe there's hell she
told me a secret it's not a right your
secret you could never tell anymore
anyway you were on a terrible downward
spiral here for you
there's a notebook that we and a certain
cougar are gonna have to make disappear
you want to move a 200-pound Cougars in
here to school mm-hmm how we gonna do
that is this supposed to be
do you think I'm crazy
not everyone has to make up trouble to
themselves just so they're not bored
can't do this without you you with me
here altar boy
you'll live dangerously something like
that